built for the bush but bought for
bragging rights or often found in
Beverly Hills than Botswana is what
edmunds.com had to say about the 2008
Range Rover supercharged but really it's
a hundred thousand dollar car with
million-dollar eye appeal one of the
best-looking best on-road best off-road
sport utilities still available to this
day sold in the North American
marketplace a whopping 400 horsepower
with 420 foot-pounds of torque the
supercharged Range Rover is absolutely
the king of the jungle when it comes to
sport utilities this particular car and
pearl white looks absolutely magnificent
probably the single most popular color
to get a Range Rover in whether
supercharged or not let's take a look
around this particular car when you get
the supercharged they jump up to 20 inch
wheels and that's standard from the
factory $400,000 you should expect as
much and then if you look around the
exterior of this car it looks quite nice
in fact it looks brand new nice and when
you look at a car that's an off-road car
with five years behind the wheel
it's they tend to be a little bit rough
even if they start off life as really
nice cars when you see one this
immaculate it's actually a rarer
discovery than you might imagine that
great looking piping on the seats
although the this car started off its
life when BMW owned Range Rover and so
there's a lot of BMW in the Range Rover
the interiors are always first-class
English and that piping on the seats and
the entire personality of the interior
is distinctly English come take a look
around the back
gorgeous interiors even in the back of
the car and then down below it's setup
for trailer tow as well everything looks
brand-new again front to back and side
to side even on the passenger side and
then let's take a look on the inside
one of the only options that you can get
on a Range Rover supercharged you have
to choose between the walnut or the
cherry wood this one has the cherry and
then you also have to decide if you want
the théâtre package and this one has
integrated DVDs built into the headrest
and so that's a nice thing actually a
lot of these cars have dropped down DVDs
and you don't think about it it sounds
like a great feature until you actually
use that drop down DVD when they hang
from the ceiling as soon as you look
over your shoulder you're looking right
into that DVD unit it's actually a
safety issue having them in the headrest
a you get two of them instead of one so
that's an improvement but it's a big
safety improvement as well this car
again you can see it with your own eyes
it's absolutely immaculate but never
been smoked in no dogs no stories of any
kind just traded in for a new Infiniti
here at infinity of Kirkland if you like
to see a copy of the history of this car
or our current shop report or a
different video maybe the undercarriage
of the car to scale looks from your
different point of view anything at all
that might make this an easier
transaction for you please don't
hesitate to give us a call or get myself
up all directly my name is Joe Tunney
here at infinity of Kirkland phone
numbers four to five eight to one
sixteen hundred or just drop me an email
at Joe T at infinity of Kirkland com
you